"Hear me as a woman./Have me as your sister./On purpled battlefield breaking day,/So I might say our victory is just beginning,/See me as change,/Say I am movement,/That I am the year,/and I am the era/of the women." - Amanda Gorman
"Feminism isn't about making women stronger. Women are already strong, it's about changing the way the world perceives that strength." - G.D. Anderson
“They'll tell you you're too loud, that you need to wait your turn a“Trust in yourself, believe that your voice matters, and know that your words are good enough.” - Amber Gordonnd ask the right people for permission. Do it anyway.” - Alexandria Ocasio Cortez
"It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent."- Madeleine Albright
“I want to build a community where women of all races can communicate and ... continue to support and take care of each other. I want to give women a space to feel their own strength and tell their stories. That is power.” - Beyoncé
"There is no limit to what we, as women, can accomplish." - Michelle Obama
"Trust in yourself, believe that your voice matters, and know that your words are good enough." - Amber Gordon
"They never asked me to go back over (my calculations) because when I did it, I had done my best, and it was right." - Katherine Johnson, Mathematician at NASA
“A girl should be two things: who and what she wants.” - Coco Chanel
“Ignore the glass ceiling and do your work. If you’re focusing on the glass ceiling, focusing on what you don’t have, focusing on the limitations, then you will be limited.” - Ava DuVernay
"Do what you love and success will follow. Passion is the fuel behind a successful career." - Meg Whitman
“Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be but a challenge to others.” - Amelia Earhart
"Don't think about making women fit the world — think about making the world fit women.” - Gloria Steinem 
Bring your whole self to the experience. Because the more we do that, the more that people get to see that, the more comfortable everybody's gonna be with it." - Bozoma Saint John
“If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader.” - Dolly Parton
"In too many instances, the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls. And that must change." - Hillary Clinton
“Women have discovered that they cannot rely on men’s chivalry to give them justice.” - Helen Keller
“Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.” - Oprah Winfrey
“I encourage women to step up. Don’t wait for somebody to ask you.” - Reese Witherspoon
“Women are leaders everywhere you look—from the CEO who runs a Fortune 500 company to the housewife who raises her children and heads her household. Our country was built by strong women, and we will continue to break down walls and defy stereotypes.” - Nancy Pelosi 
“In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders.” - Sheryl Sandberg
“Stay strong. Stand up. Have a voice.” - Shawn Johnson
“If you don’t see a clear path for what you want, sometimes you have to make it yourself.” - Mindy Kaling
“I’d rather regret the risks that didn’t work out than the chances I didn’t take at all.” - Simone Biles
"You must love and care for yourself because that's when the best comes out.” - Tina Turner
“We need to get women to the point where they aren’t apologizing. It’s time to take ownership in our success.” - Tony Burch
"There is no limit to what we, as women, can accomplish." - Michelle Obama 
“I am learning every day to allow the space between where I am and where I want to be to inspire me and not terrify me.” - Tracee Ellis Ross
"I raise up my voice- not so I can shout but so that those without a voice can be heard" - Malala Yousafzai
"At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can." - Frida Kahlo
"You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist." - Indira Gandhi
“I really think a champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall.” – Serena Williams
“Always aim high, work hard, and care deeply about what you believe in. And, when you stumble, keep faith. And, when you're knocked down, get right back up and never listen to anyone who says you can't or shouldn't go on.” – Hillary Clinton
“Have no fear of perfection; you'll never reach it.” – Marie Curie
“I’ve had to learn to fight all my life – got to learn to keep smiling. If you smile things will work out.” – Serena Williams
“Nothing is worth more than laughter. It is strength to laugh and to abandon oneself, to be light.” – Frida Kahlo
“I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear.” – Rosa Parks
“Don’t ever make decisions based on fear. Make decisions based on hope and possibility. Make decisions based on what should happen, not what shouldn’t.” – Michelle Obama
“I don't have a feeling of inferiority. Never had. I'm as good as anybody, but no better.” – Katherine Johnson
“You can show more of the reality of yourself instead of hiding behind a mask for fear of revealing too much.” – Betty Friedan
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“If you're always trying to be normal, you will never know how amazing you can be.” – Maya Angelou
“Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.” – Marie Curie
“I was a person with dignity and self-respect, and I should not set my sights lower than anybody else just because I was black.” – Rosa Parks
“There's power in allowing yourself to be known and heard, in owning your unique story, in using your authentic voice.” – Michelle Obama
“Pursuing peace means rising above one's own wants, needs, and emotions.” – Benazir Bhutto
“We’re all water from different rivers, that’s why it’s so easy to meet; we’re all water in this vast, vast ocean, someday we’ll evaporate together.” – Yoko Ono
“Tolerance and compassion are active, not passive states, born of the capacity to listen, to observe and to respect others.” – Indira Gandhi
“Fight for the things that you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you.” – Ruth Bader Ginsburg
“Change happens by listening and then starting a dialogue with the people who are doing something you don't believe is right.” – Jane Goodall
“You don’t make progress by standing on the sidelines whimpering and complaining. You make progress by implementing ideas.” – Shirley Chisholm
“Social change is brought about by those who dare and act, who can think unconventionally and who can court unpopularity.” – Indira Gandhi
“We are here, not because we are law-breakers; we are here in our efforts to become law-makers.” – Emmeline Pankhurst
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right–for you’ll be criticized anyway.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.” – Maya Angelou
“Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time.” – Ruth Bader Ginsburg
“We cannot solve a crisis without treating it as a crisis. […] And if solutions within the system are so impossible to find, then maybe we should change the system itself?” – Greta Thunberg
“Technique and ability alone do not get you to the top; it is the willpower that is most important.” – Junko Tabei
“Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“I’ve learned that making a ‘living’ is not the same as ‘making a life.’” – Maya Angelou
“The most difficult thing is the decision to act. The rest is merely tenacity.” – Amelia Earhart
“Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.” – Michelle Obama
“Passion is the log that keeps the fire of purpose blazing.” – Oprah Winfrey
“I’ve been absolutely terrified every moment of my life—and I’ve never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.” – Georgia O'Keeffe
“The next decade cannot be a decade of confrontation and contention. It cannot be East vs. West. It cannot be men vs. women. It cannot be Islam vs. Christianity. That is what the enemies of dialogue want.” – Benazir Bhutto
“The greatest danger to our future is apathy.” – Jane Goodall
“Every moment wasted looking back, keeps us from moving forward…In this world and the world of tomorrow, we must go forward together or not at all.” – Hillary Clinton
“Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow’s reality.” – Malala Yousafzai